feat(replay): Update docs to be more explicit about Replays across multile pageloads (#7779)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/session-replay/index.mdx

## What is a Replay?

> A replay is **not** a video recording. It’s a video-like reproduction of a user session, built using the [rrweb recording library](https://www.rrweb.io/). Replays are created from snapshots of your web application’s DOM state (the browser’s in-memory representation of HTML). When each snapshot is played-back you will see a video-like recording of what the user did through their whole session. The user session includes any pageloads, refreshes, and navigations that happened while the user is on your site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A replay is **not** a video recording. It’s a video-like reproduction of a user session, built using the [rrweb recording library](https://www.rrweb.io/). Replays are created from snapshots of your web application’s DOM state (the browser’s in-memory representation of HTML). When each snapshot is played back, you will see a video-like recording of what the user did throughout their entire session. The user session includes any pageloads, refreshes, and navigations that happened while the user was on your site.
```
